# Visualising Time Series Data

## Introduction

The main goal here is to describe, in detail, what is shown in the data. We expect you to do this by creating a presentation of visualisations of the available data. Using Tableau, create images that will tell the story of the spread of the disease and the learnings we've gained from our testing and spraying data.

## Exercise

Using Tableau's various different graphing utilities, prepare visual data insights to describe your findings in the data. This exercise should also uncover more details that mutating the data in Pandas does not.

This exercise is an extension of the EDA process. When deciding methodologies for data cleaning and organisation, it is best to make those decisions using visual representations of the data for reference.

Here are some tips to get you started:
1. For location based data, heatmaps or choropleth maps are often used. How can we use maps to tell a story that changes over time? Try overlaying the map over a map of the area (i.e. not just the Tableau standard but uploading a more detailed map).
- To track differences over time, try putting your data into a frequency chart and/or using a set for the dates.
- Overlaying different cuts of data can help show the repeatability or difference in trends.
- Optionally also take a look at mapping data in matplotlib/other python libraries (such as vincent). You can find some scripts on kaggle's site [here](https://www.kaggle.com/c/predict-west-nile-virus/kernels) that can dramatically reduce your development time on that (maps in python can be tricky).

#### Requirements

- Choose at least three different 'stories' you would like to tell about your data. Use enough graphs as necessary to thoroughly display the analyses you've done.
- Use Tableau to create professional looking visualisations.
- Assemble a brief presentation on your output, focussing not on the data insights
but rather on the technical aspects of creating the visualisations


#### Starter code

You should already have code from the previous Kaggle lab to get you started. Using your EDA notes, you should be able to jump right in and extract meaningful graphs from the data.


## Additional Resources

- [Tableau Time Series Analysis](www.tableau.com/stories/topic/time-series-analysis)
- [Geographic Fields in Tableau](http://onlinehelp.tableau.com/current/pro/online/windows/en-us/help.htm#maps_geographicroles.html)
